Update pull_request_template.md (#438)
dbt-labs/dbt-utils: .github/pull_request_template.md

    - [ ] Postgres
    - [ ] Redshift
    - [ ] Snowflake
- [ ] I followed guidelines to ensure that my changes will work on "non-core" adapters by:
    - [ ] dispatching any new macro(s) so non-core adapters can also use them (e.g. [the `star()` source](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt-utils/blob/master/macros/sql/star.sql))

>     - [ ] I use the `limit_zero()` macro in place of the literal string: `limit 0`

Author: #376 is another good example of how things can go belly up for downstream consumers
```suggestion
    - [ ] using the `limit_zero()` macro in place of the literal string: `limit 0`
    - [ ] using `dbt_utils.type_*` macros instead of explicit datatypes (e.g. `dbt_utils.type_timestamp()` instead of `TIMESTAMP`
```
